A good Belgian beer is like sunshine in a glass.

I recently purchased the 4-WAY IPA mixer by Sierra Nevada.  This variety pack
features some of Sierra Nevada’s finest India Pale Ales including the Torpedo
Extra IPA, the Nooner Session IPA, the Blindfold Black IPA and the Snow Wit
White IPA. Lets face it, no one can argue that Sierra Nevada knows how to brew
a fine IPA.

Since 1979, Sierra Nevada has been brewing excellence. Their business plan:
“Brew the beers we want to drink.” In 1980, Sierra Nevada released their first
Pale Ale, helping to launch the American craft beer movement. They released
their first IPA in 1981, Celebration Ale, which is still distributed nation
wide during the holiday season. Celebration Ale is considered one of the first
American style IPA’s and has since set a standard for that style of beer.

Enter the Snow Wit White IPA.  A hop forward, Belgian style white IPA brewed
with lemon peels and coriander. Snow Wit is a limited addition brew and you
want to have a bottle in your hands before they run out.  As far as I can tell,
	 this beer is sold exclusively as a part of Sierra Nevada’s new 4-WAY IPA
	 variety pack – expected to be on the shelves through July.

Snow Wit is an unfiltered white IPA, brewed with 7 varieties of experiential
dwarf hops and Belgian yeast – giving this beer a unique floral note with a
light finish. Now, I know what you are thinking… a light beer for the ladies.
No. Snow Wit stands up tall next to the double hopped IPA’s, and can most
definitely compete.  This beer has the perfect balance of citrus and hops. It
boasts a delicate harmony of bitter hops and the refreshing flavor of Belgian
wheat.

So, next time you are out enjoying the spring sunshine, be sure to get your
paws on some Snow Wit White IPA from Sierra Nevada. I guarantee you it will not
disappoint.

ABV: 5.7%

Value: $17.59 for a variety pack

Taste: 5               Style: 4.5                      Appearance: 5
Aroma: 5

Verdict:  A hop forward, refreshing IPA from the most experienced craft brewers
in the nation – perfect for throwing back after a sunny ride!
